---
layout:       post
title:        "【阅】本周阅读摘选2024-05-06 → 2024-05-12"
author:       "Cao Zihang"
header-style: text
catalog:      true
status:		  Done
mathjax: 	true
tags:
    - 日常


---

<center style="margin-bottom: 20px; margin-top: 50px"><font color="#3879B1" style="line-height: 1.4;font-weight: 700;font-size: 36px;box-sizing: border-box; ">本周阅读摘选</font></center>

<center style=" margin-bottom: 30px;">2024-05-06 → 2024-05-12</center>

<font style="font-weight: bold;">目录</font>

* 目录
{:toc}
# 学术相关

## Manipulating Prior Beliefs Causally Induces Under- and Overconfidence[^1]



## Chain-of-Experts: When LLMs Meet Complex Operations Research Problems[^2]



## JCR 50周年

### The Future of Consumer Research Methods: Lessons of a Prospective Retrospective[^3]

> While traditional economists might seek to find a single immutable human tendency underpinning a focal economic phenomenon, the consumer  researcher was more interested in a wider descriptive exploration that  would yield richer understanding.

> A bad research question is one that posits an unreasonable generalization and then grudgingly offers a few boundary conditions

> One characteristic of good questions is that they seem like something  you could nail down with a few studies: (1) the population you need to  study is identifiable, accessible, and compelling, (2) the context is  specific and consequential, and (3) the conceptualization is clear,  logical, and concrete enough to be operationalized closely.

> our work profits by critically considering our construct definition (and operationalization)—this is critical, as poor construct validity cannot be overcome with novel sophisticated analyses.

> new methods certainly arise over time in response to technological  shifts—netnographies or more sophisticated QDA packages—but the  foundational principles of anthropological, historical, and sociological analyses have remained fairly stable, in contrast, Leigh McAlister enthused that the internet made so many more types and  sources of data available and “new software fast followed” to allow  better analysis of it. John Lynch and Rebecca Ratner saw some changes in field and lab studies but allowed they “weren’t that futuristic.”

> One overarching similarity our experts raised is a growing  disillusionment with convenience samples, arguing that increased access  to specific consumer populations suggests we should take greater care  with how and where we recruit participants.

> There are two ways to increase the value of our participant groups;  focus more tightly on the group of consumers who best illustrate our  research question or cast a very wide net that captures consumer groups  one would expect could differ. These strategies suggest different plans  for analysis, but both serve to increase the reader’s confidence in the  implications of the results.

> Another new skill that consumer researchers are likely to need in the  next 50 years in JCR is the ability to develop practical interfaces  between real consumers/marketers and the knowledge we create

## 技术技巧

## Python库丨pywinauto Windows系统自动化

[Doc](https://pywinauto.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

方便控制Windows系统窗口等。



[^1]: Van Marcke, H., Denmat, P. L., Verguts, T., & Desender, K. (2024). Manipulating Prior Beliefs Causally Induces Under- and Overconfidence. *Psychological Science*, *35*(4), 358–375. https://doi.org/10.1177/09567976241231572
[^2]: Xiao, Z., Zhang, D., Wu, Y., Xu, L., Wang, Y. J., Han, X., Fu, X., Zhong, T., Zeng, J., Song, M., & Chen, G. (2023, October 13). *Chain-of-Experts: When LLMs Meet Complex Operations Research Problems*. The Twelfth International Conference on Learning Representations. https://openreview.net/forum?id=HobyL1B9CZ
[^3]: Wood, S. (2024). The Future of Consumer Research Methods: Lessons of a Prospective Retrospective. *Journal of Consumer Research*, *51*(1), 151–156. https://doi.org/10.1093/jcr/ucae017
