---
layout: post
title:  "【阅】本周阅读摘选2025-06-16 → 2025-06-22"
author: "Cao Zihang"
header-style: text
catalog: true
status: "working"
mathjax: true
tags:
  - 日常
  
  
---
<center style="margin-bottom: 20px; margin-top: 50px"><font color="#3879B1" style="line-height: 1.4;font-weight: 700;font-size: 36px;box-sizing: border-box; ">本周阅读摘选</font></center>


<center style=" margin-bottom: 30px;">2025-06-16 → 2025-06-22</center>

<font style="font-weight: bold;">目录</font>

* 目录
{:toc}


# 学术相关

## Understanding the role of technology in coordination through affordance configurations[^1]

## Are you willing to pay for generative artificial intelligence (GenAI) products? Disentangling the disclosure effects and the mediating role of psychological value [^2]

## Heterogeneous Effects of Generative artificial intelligence (GenAI) on Knowledge Seeking in Online Communities [^3]

## Generative artificial intelligence (GenAI)-based recommender addressing contribution pollution and information cacophony on digital platforms [^4]

## The Algorithm Discount: Explaining Consumers’ Valuation of Human- versus Algorithm-Created Digital Products [^5]

# 技术技巧
## [前沿导读丨大模型智能体仿真](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/OrVh5ZC9gqF3dYHkLtbrsw)

提到一些比较有名的工具性平台。

[^1]: L. Claggett, J., & and Karahanna, E. (2025). Understanding the role of technology in coordination through affordance configurations. Journal of Management Information Systems, 42(2), 599–632. https://doi.org/10.1080/07421222.2025.2487306
[^2]: Sikhondze, B., Ye ,Hua Jonathan, Wang ,Weiyu, Zhan ,Xinhui, & and Santhanam, R. (2025). Are you willing to pay for generative artificial intelligence (GenAI) products? Disentangling the disclosure effects and the mediating role of psychological value. Journal of Management Information Systems, 42(2), 431–456. https://doi.org/10.1080/07421222.2025.2487314
[^3]: Quinn, M., & and Gutt, D. (2025). Heterogeneous Effects of Generative artificial intelligence (GenAI) on Knowledge Seeking in Online Communities. Journal of Management Information Systems, 42(2), 370–399. https://doi.org/10.1080/07421222.2025.2487313
[^4]: Malgonde, O. S. (2025). Generative artificial intelligence (GenAI)-based recommender addressing contribution pollution and information cacophony on digital platforms. Journal of Management Information Systems, 42(2), 457–490. https://doi.org/10.1080/07421222.2025.2487311
[^5]: Rix, J., Berger ,Benedikt, Hess ,Thomas, & and Rzepka, C. (2025). The Algorithm Discount: Explaining Consumers’ Valuation of Human- versus Algorithm-Created Digital Products. Journal of Management Information Systems, 42(2), 633–668. https://doi.org/10.1080/07421222.2025.2487308
