---
layout: post
title:  "【阅】本周阅读摘选2025-05-19 → 2025-05-25"
author: "Cao Zihang"
header-style: text
catalog: true
status: "working"
mathjax: true
tags:
  - 日常
  
  
---
<center style="margin-bottom: 20px; margin-top: 50px"><font color="#3879B1" style="line-height: 1.4;font-weight: 700;font-size: 36px;box-sizing: border-box; ">本周阅读摘选</font></center>


<center style=" margin-bottom: 30px;">2025-05-19 → 2025-05-25</center>

<font style="font-weight: bold;">目录</font>

* 目录
{:toc}


# 学术相关
## Beyond the Pair: Media Archetypes and Complex Channel Synergies in Advertising [^1]

## Flexible ability-willingness trade-offs in cooperative partner choice: Evidence from a drift-diffusion model and ERP data [^2]

## Improving human sequential decision making with reinforcement learning [^3]

## Humans’ use of AI assistance: the effect of loss aversion on willingness to delegate decisions [^4]

## Predicting participation shift of users at the next stage in social networks [^5]

# 娱乐
## Time-lagged recurrence: a data-driven method to estimate the predictability of dynamical systems [^6]

[^1]: Bell, J. J., Thomaz, F., & Stephen, A. T. (2025). Beyond the Pair: Media Archetypes and Complex Channel Synergies in Advertising. Journal of Marketing, 00222429241302808. https://doi.org/10.1177/00222429241302808
[^2]: Xu, Q., Wang, J., Wang, J., & Li, P. (2025). Flexible ability-willingness trade-offs in cooperative partner choice: Evidence from a drift-diffusion model and ERP data. Neuroimage, 121282. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2025.121282
[^3]: Bastani, H., Bastani, O., & Sinchaisri, W. P. (2025). Improving human sequential decision making with reinforcement learning. Management Science, mnsc.2022.2455. https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2022.02455
[^4]: Bockstedt, J. C., & Buckman, J. R. (2025). Humans’ use of AI assistance: The effect of loss aversion on willingness to delegate decisions. Management Science. https://doi.org/10.1287/mnsc.2024.05585
[^5]: Zhang, Y., Wang, Z., Zhuang, H., Song, L., Wen, G., Guan, J., & Zhou, S. (2025). Predicting participation shift of users at the next stage in social networks. IEEE Transactions on Network Science and Engineering, 12(2), 1066–1079. https://doi.org/10.1109/tnse.2024.3523300
[^6]: Dong, C., Faranda, D., Gualandi, A., Lucarini, V., & Mengaldo, G. (2025). Time-lagged recurrence: A data-driven method to estimate the predictability of dynamical systems. Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 122(20). https://doi.org/10.1073/pnas.2420252122
